docs: update documentation and definitions files (#99)
dashevo/DashJS: docs/platform/contracts/create.md

| **contractDefinitions**  | JSONDataContract  | yes                | The defined [JSON Application Schema](https://dashplatform.readme.io/docs/explanation-platform-protocol-data-contract) |
| **identity**             | Identity          | yes                | A valid [registered `application` identity](/platform/identities/register.md) |

**Example**:

```js
  const identityId = '';// Your identity identifier.
  
  // Your valid json contract definitions
  const contractDefinitions = {
    note: {
      properties: {
        message: {
          type: "string"
        }
      },
      additionalProperties: false
    }
  };
  const identity = await client.platform.identities.get(identityId);
  const contract = client.platform.contracts.create(contractDefinitions, identity);
  
  // You can use the validate method from DPP to validate the created contract
  const validationResult = client.platform.dpp.dataContract.validate(contract);
```

> **Nota Bene**: When your contract is created, it will only exist locally, use the [broadcast](/platform/contracts/broadcast.md) method to register it.  

Reviewer: Unintentional?
```suggestion
**Note**: When your contract is created, it will only exist locally, use the [broadcast](/platform/contracts/broadcast.md) method to register it.  
```
